Disclaimer for Administration Boundary Builder

The Administration Boundary Builder (hereinafter referred to as "the Project")
is a compilation and presentation of global administrative boundary data
conducted by the author(s) for informational purposes only. The Project includes
data on various territorial boundaries, encompassing areas of territorial
disputes and regions governed by authorities that may not be universally
recognized.

The author(s) recognize the complex and sensitive nature of territorial
boundaries and political recognition. The inclusion of such boundaries within
the Project is not indicative of the author(s) endorsing, recognizing, or
rejecting any particular political stance or territorial claim. The boundaries
and names utilized in this Project do not imply the author(s)’ stance regarding
the legal status of any country, territory, city, area, or its authorities, nor
concerning the delimitation of its frontiers or boundaries.

Users of the Project should be aware that territorial boundaries and political
situations are subject to change and may be contentious. The author(s) disclaim
responsibility for the interpretation and use of the data contained within the
Project. Any conclusions drawn or actions taken based on the Project’s data are
the sole responsibility of the user. The Project is provided "as is," and the
author(s) deny any liability for inaccuracies or omissions in the data.

It is imperative that users of the Project refrain from making assumptions or
speculations about the author(s)’ political opinions or positions based on the
data provided. The Project is intended solely as a geographic reference tool and
should not be used for political interpretation.

By accessing and using the Project, users acknowledge and agree to this
disclaimer and assume full responsibility for the use of the information
provided.
